<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:a="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough">
<h:head>
   <title>Index Page</title>
</h:head>
<h:body>
   John Patrick Amata
   <h:form>

      <p>
         1. Make a form to gather an employee name, employee ID, and the name of a health plan to sign up for.
         If all three values are present (i.e., are something other than empty strings),
         display a confirmation page that says “You are registered for the health plan” and that shows the name,
         ID, and health plan. If any of the inputs are missing, display a page that
         says “Missing Input Data”.

         2. Prefill some of the textfields as follows. Make “Joe User” the default employee name,
         “a1234” the default employee ID, and “CareFirst PPO” the default health care provider.
      </p><br/>
      <h:commandButton value="Form # 1" action="form1"/>
      <p>
         3. Make a new form that works similarly to the old one. This time however, verify that the
         health plan entered is really one of the available health plans. Give an error message (e.g.,
         “CMS Prime is not an available health plan”) for unknown health plans. In the
         confirmation page, also show the monthly premium and contact phone number for that
         health plan (in addition to the data shown earlier). This requirement means that you need
         some simple business logic to map a health plan name to a HealthPlan object. Your
         instructor may opt to give you a sample code to demonstrate this.
      </p>
      <br/>
      <h:commandButton value="Form # 2" action="form2"/>
      <br/>
      <p>
         4. Make yet another form, with behavior almost identical to the previous problem.
         However, instead of using a textfield for the health care provider, provide a drop down
         menu that shows a list of the available options.
      </p>
      <h:commandButton value="Form # 3" action="form3"/>
   </h:form>
</h:body>
</html>
